(Birds Chirping)
Welcome to the Leaf!
It's been a while Lord Sixth.
I'm sorry I'm late. Have all the
other Kage made it to the
village already?
Well, almost all of them, yes,
but they've just gotten here.
6th Hokage
Where's the Mizukage?
(SHIZUNE) Due to the inclement
weather she and her entourage
encountered en route,
(SHIZUNE) they're running about
a half a day behind.
(KAKASHI) While you're here,
please relax and enjoy what our
village has to offer.
(KAKASHI) I've assigned Hidden
Leaf Shinobi to escort you.
Oh, by the way, Lord Sixth. I
understand that Naruto's going
to marry soon.
That's right. So you've heard,
huh?
I've prepared a wedding gift
from the Hidden Stone that I'd
like to have delivered to him.
May I ask you to present it at
the wedding ceremony?
And the Hidden Cloud is also
going to be sending him a gift.
So I ask you the same.
(KAKASHI) I understand. I'm sure
Naruto will be very happy.
Naruto's... getting married,
huh...
"Hidden Leaf Story, The Perfect
Day for a Wedding, Part 4: The
Kazekage's Wedding Gift"
(KANKURO) We didn't hear
anything about Naruto getting
married!
Temari, you were here just a
little while ago! You must've
heard about it!
Y-Yeah...
(KANKURO) Why didn't you tell
us?!
(embarrassed)
Just shut up! I forgot, okay?!
What's come over you...?!
Y- You're being kinda scary...
In any case, we'll definitely
need to prepare a wedding
gift from the Sand...
Since it's from the Kazekage, it
should be extravagant.
Extravagant? Do you really think
Naruto would like that?
What, do you think that he
wouldn't like something
extravagant?
(cheering, for the happy couple)
Well, when you put it that
way...
(LEE) Gaara! It has been a long
time!
Why yes, it certainly-
We are here to take you wherever
you want to go in the Leaf
Village
until Lady Mizukage
arrives here for the Summit!
Hey! Lee! Don't forget that
Gaara's here for the Five Kage
Summit too.
And we're here on official duty.
It's really not alright for you
to get too casual?
No, no... let's not stand on
ceremony. It's okay.
We're happy to have you here.
Then tell me this... where is
the first place you would like
to go?
Let me see...
I want to find out what it is
Naruto likes.
You wanna know what Naruto
likes? Really?
Well, then... Ahh I know
the perfect place to take you!
(LEE) Let us go now!
(GAARA) Great. Are you two
coming?
(KANKURO) Yeah, sure!
I'm just gonna stay here and
relax for a bit.
It'd be so awkward if I ran into
him...
What's the matter, Temari? You
seem all irritated.
Look! There's nothing going on
with me!
Would you guys just get going
already?!
Uhhh!
RAMEN ICHIRAKU
(TEUCHI) Hmmmm...
Hmmm....
(IRUKA) Hey, there!
Oh!
Iruka! Welcome!
A large miso char siu ramen,
please.
You got it! You know, it seems
like you've been coming around
more often than usual lately.
Hey now, don't be rude, Ayame!
He's a very important customer!
(laughter) So what's going on
with you, Teuchi? It seems like
something's troubling you.
Oh, well, uh...
(TEUCHI) you know how everyone's
been in a tizzy over what to get
Naruto for his wedding...
(TEUCHI) I've been
thinking real hard about it too.
'Cause you see... I'd like to
give him something as well. So I
came up with this!
A gift card for free ramen?!
Oh... No... Hold on!
FREE RAMEN FOR ONE YEAR ICHIRAKU
GIFT CARD
I get it... Free ramen for an
entire year! I'm sure that'll
make him happy!
But actually, now that I think
about it... I wonder if a whole
year is a good idea...
(slurping noodles)
(Ayame) Yeah, a year's too
long...
(TEUCHI) Way too long...
FREE RAMEN FOR 6 MONTHS ICHIRAKU
GIFT CARD
It's the same problem with half
a year...
(TEUCHI) Yeah, you're right...
(LEE) I understand. You want to
give Naruto a wedding gift, too?
(LEE) He will definitely be
overjoyed by that!
You said "too." So do you have
your gift already?
Yes, of course!
I see...
I've never had to pick out a
wedding gift before.
And I don't have the slightest
clue about what I should get
him.
Then you must begin by
considering just what a wedding
ceremony is in the first place!
(shocked, worried)
(GUY) First of all, what is a
wedding ceremony?
(GUY) what is absolutely
necessary for a wedding
ceremony?
Uhh... Well, would it be
love?
I've got a bad feeling about
this...
"What's a wedding ceremony?"
Well... That's a very
philosophical question.
Yes, you are right! One way that
you can think about it is
this:...
...what is it that is absolutely
necessary for a wedding
ceremony?
What's absolutely necessary...?
Huhhh...?
Well, wouldn't that be love?
Oh nooo...
Yes! That was the very same
answer that I gave, too!
Why is this happening the same
way it did before?!
(LEE) However, Guy Sensei, my
mentor whom I greatly respect,
did not stop there.
(LEE) He realized that it is the
bride and groom who are most
important in a wedding.
(LEE) And if you put yourself
in their shoes,
(LEE) you would be able to see
what the best gift for them is.
(LEE) Because of that...
I knew that the perfect gift to
get them would be dumbbells!
You... got dumbbells?!
I am only a shinobi, so for me,
that is the most suitable
present.
But you are the Kazekage, so we
must consider your position.
So for the gift that you get, I
think extravagant barbells would
be the best!
B-Barbells, huh...?
Well, I don't know about the
"barbell" part...
(KANKURO) But I agree that
Gaara's gift should be
extravagant!
(LEE) Hello!
(TEUCHI) Welcome.
(LEE) Iruka Sensei!
Oh, hello there, Lee! So we meet
again! Ohh!
Oh, Gaara... this is Iruka
Sensei, Naruto's teacher.
Iruka Sensei, let me introduce
Gaara the Kazekage!
H-How do you do?
But why is Lord Kazekage with
the two of you guys?
We've both been assigned to show
him around the village
while he's waiting for the Five
Kage Summit to begin.
Gaara is also thinking about
what might be a good choice to
get Naruto for a wedding gift.
Because you see, Naruto and
Gaara are really good friends.
They're friends huh?! Hm.
Anyway, we're planning to send
him an extravagant gift
that's representative of the
Hidden Sand.
If I may say so, I'm very
grateful to you, Lord Kazekage,
for making such a tremendous
gesture...
...and I'm sure that Naruto will
be overjoyed, too.
And now... please excuse me.
See? Naruto's gonna love
something extravagant!
His own teacher just confirmed
that for us!
Think so?
One thing's for sure about
Naruto loves flashy things!
There's no way that he
wouldn't be happy with
an extravagant gift.
Is that so?
Maybe I'll be extravagant, too,
and give him free ramen for a
year!
No, father...
Oh... Okay...
Pops, for me... one large miso
char siu ramen!
What is that?
It is Naruto's favorite item on
the menu. It has an extravagant
helping of char sui.
His ramen's extravagant?
Then I will have that, as well.
All right! Me, too!
Okay, then, Pops... four large
miso char siu ramen, one for
each of us, please!
Hold on a second! Make mine just
a regular without char siu. And
for the topping...
Topping?
Naruto fish cake is number one!
(TEUCHI) Way back when, it used
to be the least popular.
(TEUCHI) But nowadays, it's
Naruto fishcake, hands down.
That's the kind of effect
Naruto's had!
(TENTEN) Then I'll have the
regular miso ramen with the
Naruto fishcake topping.
If you would please add it to
mine, as well
(TEUCHI) Coming right up! And
I'll give you an extravagant
helping of it! Ha Ha!
(KANKURO) Man, we ate so much!
Ok, where would you like to go
next, Gaara?
Hey, are you all right? It seems
like you've been lost in thought
for a really long time.
I was thinking of what to give
Naruto as the Kazekage.
As the Kazekage?
Kankuro wants to give something
extravagant, but that just feels
off to me.
Oh, I see...
Hey, c'mon now, Gaara...
(GAARA) But after hearing his
teacher and the ramen shop
owner, I'm convinced.
If it makes Naruto happy...
Now that's more like it!
I will help in any
way I can too!
(ALL) Huh?
Huh?
Yo! Hey there, all you Hidden
Sand and Leaf fam! You care to
take a guess who I am? Yeah!
What an awful rap...
You are Lord Killer Bee, Lord
Raikage's bodyguard, right?
Was no one assigned to accompany
you through the village?
Hey, yo, check it out, my chum.
I prefer my freedom.
(KILLER BEE) My brother's at the
summit reception, but me, I
prefer a village exploration.
By the way, Kazekage, you
planning on giving Naruto a
wedding gift,
you catch my drift?
I am. I intend to.
Roger that! Finding a gift is my
personal mission!
Let's both do our best to make a
good decision! Yeah!
It sounds like the Hidden Cloud
is really into this whole idea!
Our gift's gonna be something to
marvel at! So listen well and
remember that!
(TENTEN) Seriously? Do you
have  to talk in rap all the
time?
(KILLER BEE) For the special
occasion, special decoration on
ten kegs from the Cloud,
(KILLER BEE) sake of which we're
proud!
Aw, yeah!
KILLER BEE) What's more, here's
the score: Hidden Cloud beef of
super high-quality.
(KILLER BEE) We'll present it
roasted whole, in its entirety,
yeah!
(moo)
Yeah!
(KILLER BEE) Plus, some premium
games, the best of the best!
(KILLER BEE) Count 'em up: ten
great games, no more, no less.
That's my presentation! A
wedding's an important
celebration! Yeah!
That was amazing!
I didn't catch the details
because your rap made it
difficult to understand,
but I did get that it's gonna be
very extravagant!
Yo, check it!  So what's the
Hidden Sand up to, then?
Whatcha gonna get?  Where's it
at? You already ordered it yet?
(Sigh) That's just it.
Okay, okay! I apologize! I guess
I should a realized!
Our gift's so extravagant that
it's made you hesitant. But
that's not what's important.
Huh?
(KILLER BEE) No biggie if it's
not fancy. What's from the heart
is the best choice.
(KILLER BEE) It'll make
Naruto rejoice, yeah!
Enough! Don't patronize us!
(GAARA) K- Kankuro?!
The gift that we're gonna give
will rival the Hidden Cloud's,
and that is that!
(KANKURO) We'll cover the
reception hall with flowers
grown in the Hidden Sand!
(KANKURO) As the highlight of
the celebration dinner,
(KANKURO) we'll send the finest
tuna in the land, a whole
bluefin!
(KANKURO) And we'll prepare
enormous boxes of sweets as
wedding favors for every guest!
You feeling me, Killer Bee?!
(GAARA) Wait, I never said-
Incredible! And you came up with
all of those amazing ideas in
such a short time!
No, but... we didn't decide-
(KILLER BEE) Ahhhhh!
I forgot something real
important about the
entertainment!
That's not good,
fool, ya fool.
(KILLER BEE) In this
circumstance, my brother just
might perchance...
...do the "Hidden Cloud Dance!"
(KILLER BEE) Yeah!
The Raikage...
...will do the Hidden Cloud
Dance?! Really?!
No, no, no! No way! No way!
So now you get the drift! You'll
see how the party will get a
lift! Yeah!
(KANKURO) Uhhh...
Ahhh... This is bad! At this
rate...
...Gaara's gonna lose!
But you guys, giving a gift
shouldn't be about winning or
losing.
A dance...
Huh?
(KANKURO) To show up the
Raikage, you're just gonna have
to dance, too, Gaara!
Yes, that is right! It is truly
the only way!
(KAKASHI) The Mizukage should be
arriving soon.
Then we'd better call the
Kazekage back here.
Lord Kakashi...
Please, drop the "lord" part...
We just received a request to
adjust the length of time that
was allotted
to entertainment at Naruto and
Hinata's wedding ceremony.
Huh? What was that?
I wasn't even aware there would
be entertainment at the wedding
ceremony?! Who asked?
It was... Lord Raikage's
bodyguard...
Wait, what?!
I cannot believe he said that
the Raikage is going to do the
"Hidden Cloud Dance..."
Well, then...  Gaara will
just do the "Hidden Sand Samba!"
Oh, my! This just keeps getting
more exciting.
Stop messing around. I can't
dance at all.
Besides, doing so won't make
Naruto happy.
Actually, I think that he might
take the initiative and join in
on his own...
Wait, what?! Really?! (Gulp)
Yes... You're right...
But, you're the Kazekage! I
mean, come on!
You really shouldn't be dancing
in front of everyone!
But he told us that the
Raikage's gonna dance!
The Raikage's wedding gift of
dance is a total must-see...
Miss this chance, and behind the
times you'll be! Yeah!
(RAIKAGE) That fool!
Hokage, I must beg your pardon
in advance if I make a scene
here...
You know... Actually, I doubt
there will be a need for you to
intervene.
Hmmm?
The Raikage's wedding gift of
dance is a total must-see...
Miss this chance, and behind the
times you'll be, yeah!
(MIZUKAGE) Wedding...
Behind the times?
You're done for.
Ohhhh!!!
(frightened yell)
And now I call the Five Kage
Summit to order.
But before we begin...
Regarding Naruto Uzumaki and
Hinata Hyuga's gifts...
(KAKASHI) ...I'd like to ask
that you use your good sense and
keep things in moderation.
(sigh)
(KAKASHI) All right! Now, let's
move on to our agenda!
(kids laughing and playing)
(SHIKAMARU) Uh, hey...
Huh?!?
Ahh... Hmm...
Um, I'm sorry about last time.
No, I... Me, too.
Wanna grab a bite?
(Groan)
(TEMARI) Sure, why not.
Leaf Inn
Reserved for a Special Event
Today
♪♪♪
(TEUCHI) Lord Kazekage! So,
you're still in the village,
huh?
The summit ran longer than
expected. So, I decided that I'd
stay the night.
Well, I'm grateful that you've
chosen our ramen for dinner!
You know... I've never had
something so good.
I'm very honored Lord Kazekage
Oh, and by the way, I heard
about what Lord Hokage said to
everyone
about the gifts for Naruto and
Hinata's wedding...
As expected. We may have let
things out of control.
(GAARA) I'm sure everyone's
feeling remorseful now.
Even I got caught up...
But I kinda went overboard, too.
I apologize.
don't worry about it.
(TEUCHI) Oh, Iruka! Welcome!
Lord Kazekage... I overheard
what you said just now. And I
want to apologize, too.
Naruto's teacher shouldn't...
When I met you last time...
If I may say so, I'm very
grateful to you, Lord Kazekage,
for making such a
tremendous gesture...
...and I'm sure that Naruto will
be overjoyed, too.
I think that I'm at fault as
well. 'cause I said that.
I'm sorry for my part in all
this.
There's nothing to be sorry
about!
You know... I'm feeling
extremely happy right now.
I've learned that Naruto has
wonderful friends
and that they'll go above and
beyond in order to celebrate
him.
Friends, Huh? Well...
Thank you very much, Lord Gaara.
No, I would like to thank you
too.
Huh?
I was confused, but you've
cleared things up.
I got carried away thinking
about appearances
and I ended up forgetting what's
really important.
I don't get it. What do you
mean?
(chuckle) I'm going
to honor Naruto not as Kazekage,
but as a friend.
Would that be all right?
(taken aback)
Yes, it's perfect.
(TEUCHI) Large miso char siu
with Naruto fishcake topping!
(GAARA) Thank you.
(TEUCHI) And you, Iruka?
(IRUKA) The same. Large miso
char siu with Naruto fishcake
topping.
(TEUCHI) Got it!
All right, Dad, I'm all done
cleaning up in the back.
Okay, thanks, Ayame!
You're not going home yet? Well,
I'm gonna take off. Make sure
you lock up!
All right... Done!
Naruto Congratulations All You
Can Eat Forever
(KAKASHI) Have a safe trip home.
(LEE) Gaara! Please come back to
visit!
It would be great if you come
back on your own, instead of on
an official business.
I agree. And it won't be too
long.
(surprised)
For Naruto's wedding.
Sorry, but I don't plan on
bringing a special gift from the
Sand
for him and Hinata after
all.
What's that?! But why not?!
Let him finish!
I want to honor the two of
them personally, as a friend.
I think that'll please Naruto
more.
Good call, Gaara!
Gaara...
Yes! That sounds great, please
do that.
You know, everything seems
settled,
like somehow all of it turned
out for the best in the end.
You're certainly in a good mood,
Temari.
What?! No way! I'm not at all!
And besides, what's even more
shocking is seeing you so
depressed, Kankuro!
You can't blame him, since now
we're not giving a big gift.
That isn't what's bothering me
right now.
I'm just disappointed that we
aren't gonna get to see you
dance, Gaara.
Hey, don't give up just yet!
There's still hope!
After all,
he could dance as Naruto's
friend!
Oh, uh...
(chuckle) No chance.
16 More Days Until the Wedding
(SHINO) To the one million Shino
fans out there: sorry I've kept
you waiting.
(SHINO) It's been said for over
ten years that I don't stand
out.
(SHINO) But finally, I'm the
lead! It's because I've been
chosen to go
(SHINO) on a mission to find a
wedding gift for Hinata! And-
(KIBA) Sorry to keep you
waiting! I'm the lead next time
on Naruto Shippuden:
"Hidden Leaf Story, The
Perfect Day for a Wedding,
Part 5: The Last Mission."
(KIBA) I'm the lead!
Hey, where's Shino?
(SHINO) Is it true that I don't
stand out?